two brothers with shared trauma Muhammad
and anas have each lost a limb weeks
before this they had fled to a Gaza
hospital to seek Refuge but their sense
of safety was shortlived they were
wounded by an Israel air strike while
playing in the
courtyard I don't understand what's our
sin why did they bomb us we thought we
would be safe in a hospital but out of
nowhere it was bombed there were only
women and children no one was
there since October the 7th the family
has fled from hospital to hospital
desperate to stay alive showing
resilience despite the
danger when my sons were injured we had
to leave we went to the alifa hospital
for surgery but Israeli tanks were
approaching so we had to go to another
hospital in can Yunis when we escaped I
was carrying one of my sons on my
shoulders my other son sat with my wife
and daughters in a cart we kept moving
waving our ID cards until we made it to
the European Hospital in Gaza for
further treatment on the day of the
strike their distress was magnified by
the physical toll of the war thousands
of people patients refugees and families
were Sheltering in gaza's Baptist
hospital when it was hit in mid-
October at least 500 people were killed
and just like Muhammad and anas many
were
injured peaceful we're not connected to
any type of resistance even so my leg
was injured and my foot had to be
amputated far too young to understand
war thousands of Palestinian children
now bear the scars of a battle that's
destroyed life as they know it for now
Muhammad and anus wait uncertain of what
life will look like and when and where
they'll finally feel safe Kia Lopez oan
Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer